Web3 Coding Challenge (Frontend)
====

We want to build the frontend for a staking system. In this staking system, we reward users FAKECOIN for each NFT that is staked. This project contains 3 basic smart contracts already implemented:

- FakeCoin, standard ERC20, representing our coin
- FakeNft, standard ERC721, representing our NFTs
- FakeStake, a simple staking contract

Your mission for this exercise is to build the following functionality:

- Allow the user to list and mint a FakeNft token
- Allow the user to stake / unstake their FakeNft tokens
- Allow the user to visualize and claim the pending rewards of their staked FakeNft tokens

You are free to use any UI library you want.

## Project dependencies

This project depends on these 2 pieces of software. Please make sure you have them installed:

- Docker and docker-compose (this one is optional if you don't want a docker-based ganache instance). Please follow the instructions for your OS.
- Truffle (necessary to deploy the provided contracts): `npm install -g truffle`

## Project set up

To have a project set up and ready for development, please follow these steps:

1. First bring up some infrastructure components (ganache and blockscout) using docker-compose

```
docker-compose up -d
```

This should leave a functional ganache (port: 8545) and blockscout block explorer (port: 7100)

By default, ganache will generate 10 keypairs and deposit 100 ETH into each of them. These are available in ganache's stdout output during initialization. Use any of those to run your tests. You can import them into MetaMask as well:

```
Available Accounts
==================
(0) 0x510cCCCD93d4C6a6a951Ac6f67EfE9b676D4c207 (100 ETH)
(1) 0x1D83195aDC79b2cb8a14e7837af02a5dC70835E3 (100 ETH)
(2) 0x9FfFC37169EFDbC5C39A6A4CD0ad7E36BB251cb8 (100 ETH)
(3) 0x2288619E94Bd1F71899493130D47CEd78B1e94d5 (100 ETH)
(4) 0x3E25d8e5AEd3F0E5cf044bC570126eFD8Fc3fE22 (100 ETH)
(5) 0x29ECab58ad7FD6DB04E21816BcE20369f7D43B3F (100 ETH)
(6) 0xb524eFa99Ec66822e9449Ce7875Be7978b202C12 (100 ETH)
(7) 0x0490133711b18F8d0cAf4A6d869F72C01ab169c9 (100 ETH)
(8) 0x29A408f96E994199a46803115F2ac724464AB0F5 (100 ETH)
(9) 0xb69716A51f0C8422017e08AE3118bA2B41837A69 (100 ETH)

Private Keys
==================
(0) 0xcf1124969bd0e19a9e1979c66c9ef027edd41b26346b4cf2baacf9bfffa9ac3b
(1) 0x680440422264ff2731c5238d18ed1f751a67e3e7606d834853c53fcd7662a854
(2) 0xe772dcf3951f7811233af21dffa2af25365526ed72cc4b199085e9271551ca19
(3) 0x15a3ffadcb1ff2e8101ed17bd3336dcdb16bfb1e09610e30ec9eb23e2a4b0b93
(4) 0x547a66ebd6204138dc36c6a0564dc6d4424f71a1b37cf516e246d9345acd2139
(5) 0x4221c980f2962f5b506e68ad2b9b33c78aa7b2d73e231a091d03ae50dcaa6cec
(6) 0xf907dd5ebb775c2404235d2e77dccf546c84309cda68c795baaf12bdbeeff05b
(7) 0x1b66026961098085aa6348c2c2d65a9495a013b42e6cdd70bdf700d097650344
(8) 0x1ba3c78bc62d2d1038ee35277b4f3c020798c5008beb7cad40396761acffe428
(9) 0x320610e15dc73861de232c4c09236008205d6e26d5382542eb7010a88cb76e74
```

2. Migrate the example contracts

```
truffle migrate
```

This will deploy the needed contracts for the challenge: FakeCoin, FakeNft and FakeStake. Truffle will output the necessary contract addresses after the deployment is finished.

Contracts ABIs json files will be stored in the app folder under `app/src/contracts` to be used by the frontend application.

## Smart contracts

This project contains 3 smart contracts: FakeCoin (ERC20), FakeNft (ERC721) and FakeStake.

FakeCoin and FakeNft are just standard openzeppelin contracts that should be self-explanatory.

`FakeStake` contains a simple staking logic, with these key methods:

* `stake`: deposit and stake a list of Nfts. Only FakeNft are allowed to be staked
* `withdraw`: unstake a list of Nfts and return them to their rightful owner.
* `claim`: claims the amount of rewards generated by the user
* `info`: returns information about a user: number of tokens staked and unclaimed reward amount

## Frontend project

Included in the `app/` folder is a standard React (+ Tailwind) project with some basic functionality already implemented as an example:

* Wallet connection using `wagmi`
* Example mint token usage with `typechain` and `ethers`
* Basic functionality to list tokens by user and minting a token

The example code is there to illustrate basic web3 concepts for those non-expert on web3 apps. You are free to modify the code to your own liking.

To start the project, please review the code and replace the needed constants (contract addresses) when you deploy them using Truffle. Upon executing `npm run start`, `typechain` will run beforehand to generate the necessary `.ts` contract interfaces.

The project was tested using Node 17.9.

## Evaluation

A few things will be evaluated and would be nice to see:

* Good code organization / architecture around smart contract interaction
* Good look and feel and UX, even with a basic / plain UI
* Proper error handling / transaction waiting when interacting with smart contracts

## Hints

* Staking tokens requires a one-off approval of transfer to the staking contract